(MAINT) Update content; style changes (#86)
puppetlabs/devx: README.md

`hugo mod clean --all`

## Updating the live site

The site will be deployed when commits are merged into the main branch of the repo.

> Alternatively, the site can be deployed by running the `github_pages` workflow action in the Github Actions section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the site can be deployed by running the [`github_pages` workflow action](https://github.com/puppetlabs/devx/actions/workflows/gh-pages.yml).
```
